the champion
and
we can really talk this up in the booth
here we have a habit of doing that I
personally take your attitude we're a
difference
would have been a little
love it I'm not saying they were here it
wasn't funny i'm not going to like it it
wasn't a clean I mean you know let's be
honest what about number two here I mean
he just checked out in a race of his own
so here he is Ryan Villopoto going for
win number two he took his tush in
Seattle the qwest field and we all
thought begin to the seasons this guy
would even be a challenger for the
championship potentially
going but looking it again here is sat
team up I mean it this wasn't too bad it
really wasn't guys at home
well why are you expecting and Stewart
wanted to let him by there's my
Gosling's reaction what's good stir fry
bacon good pass didn't get the job done
but hey you gotta go you know they were
back there they're wasting time sanity
something is smart riding by James
Stewart he had to be thinking when we
didn't take that door okay something's
coming and he prepared himself fourth
save it could have been disastrous he
got into the tough block could it cost
me anything could happen it could have
fell down and bike that train I can't
believe this guy right here you know I
hate to go on record with this but you
know sure the analysis I think thought
that the rookie can win
Stewart will have lost two points to
read if they finish this way but James
will be a two-time champion who this one
is dead one of the most incredible
Championships that we've ever had close
bitter rivalry in the end when the
subject really cleaned all throughout
the year the middle part of the season
with that illness at first he's having
trouble getting her top ten totally off
the radar go home get some rest is
healed up come back and wins two races
he's going to carry a tremendous around
mental momentum out of this season two
lives to me
what a great way these seals is still
off what a great way to build the
momentum and
door
rather than we've ever seen at that at
that point they came into Supercross
this year looked like he had lost some
of the magic hello there howdy miss that
little kicker that he's in control right
now this is a phenomenal night for the
Monster Energy Kawasaki team as you know
I'm pretty close
the actual bike that I get my start
feature
after will ensure you're all looking for
him to win
versity human face this year everyone
kind of I was actually surprised i
thought he would have done a little bit
better at the beginning to never made
all your Gator season
I was there with Ricky on your first
season
the traffic club a lot of times
to his rookie season
campbellton
yes